hello everyone welcome to Dumber mods I
have a very special treat for you I
think and this is just my personal
opinion because I know some of you pure
old school vanilla minecrafters may not
necessarily like this but you can
probably appreciate the work that goes
into this particular mod now I
personally think this is the best
Christmas tree I've ever seen on
minecraft and there's good reason for
that I'm gonna show you that in two
shakes of a lamb's tail which means
really quick think about it how fast is
a lamb's tail move back and forth ya
know done oh my goodness and I'm already
late I'm already late by talking too
much let me show you how to actually
make these things so here's what's
actually what the mod makes when I
originally looked at this mod all there
was was this tree the tree itself but
since coming back to it before I
actually was able to show it he's
updated to make it a Christmas type and
I'm not gonna actually bring this
actually I will bring this in only for
demonstration purposes so you've got
three ornaments you got the normal tree
and then you've got a tree with
ornaments on it like Christmas tree and
I'll show you actually how to make these
things very simple doesn't matter what
leaves you use doesn't matter what would
you use and it makes the tree to make
the Christmas tree you use this ornament
in it and that actually makes the
Christmas tree like that we don't
actually need these things so let's put
that and to make the special Christmas
tree ornaments you put one of each color
in there and that actually makes that
special thing that we use to make the
tree I don't know what it is there's no
name so I just call it special the thing
mehoudar the bobber and then in order to
make an ornament use there's only red
green and blue right now but you know
red dye makes the red one blue dye makes
the blue and green etc etc you get it
you know what I mean so I'm gonna show
you and before I show you I'm gonna show
you the the difference in case you don't
know what I'm talking about case maybe
you're a little bit new to Minecraft
which is okay
no worries if your journey is just
beginning you are going to have a blast
this game is awesome sauce so here's
traditionally what the flora looks like
and this type of texture rendering or
whatever for environments is actually
although it's very simplified and
pixelated in Minecraft is very common
even in games like Battlefield or Call
of Duty they
make it a look a little bit more
detailed obviously they want more
realism and the textures on each piece
but it's just you know one side and then
do it from multiple layers to give it a
3d look you know what I mean so you can
see if you look at the top view you can
see it's like an X there's four actual
pieces and that's just duplicated around
to give you that textured look to make
it look like it's 3d the difference
between that and this is monumentous now
this is like I said it's not huge but
this 3d rendering is very impressive
keep in mind based on the comments I've
been reading in the actual forums not
everyone is going to be able to run this
mod because apparently it's very it's
fairly intensive on your system so if
you don't have a fairly decent system
you may not actually be able to do this
or you're gonna get huge framerate
issues I actually happen to be lucky
enough to have a fairly decent computer
that can handle this but look at this so
it's not it's not even the details I'm
not talking about the fact that it's
like you know photo realism it's the
fact that it's actually more 3d like
multiple levels and looks actually 3d
now if you look closely at it you know
if you look at the leaves they're still
thin but because of the multiple layers
and how closely they're sort of put
together it creates this impressive 3d
image of what a tree would look like
versus just plain old for but remember
this uses up way more resources and
here's the Christmas tree with the
ornaments on it I think it looks awesome
I personally think that it's it's
impressive I mean this is a recent
addition remember when I first looked at
the mod all there was was that tree and
now they've got the Christmas tree here
think about a realm although I think it
would probably crash most systems an
entire realm where it was filled with 3d
rendered images like this playing in
Minecraft some of you really like the
photo realism some of you guys really
like the more detailed even if it's not
photo realism but cartoon even if it was
like BD craft or
or any of the other one Goku crap but
using this detailed rendering effect
would makes for some incredibly
impressive objects in the Minecraft
world I think it shows great promise
even now even after all this time that
minecraft has been out they continue to
innovate they continue to create things
that just make this game so much better
here's a look at these ornaments close
up and the red one I love the red one oh
look at that look at the work on that
that is friggin awesome and I think
that's Tigger on the back there I
couldn't get it to it
and then there's an angel oh look hello
Demma you're my favorite come snuggle up
with me under my coat boom that's rude
that's rude lady I buried well it's not
Tigger it's a snowman I never looked it
from that site but very very festive but
even these ornaments you can see
although it's you know still users like
I guess a polygon type creation 3d
rendered you know I mean very impressive
versus the standard one I just think
that these trees are incredible I wanted
to show you this I finally got around to
it I had problems getting it to work in
my Forge by the way you need for it in
order to look at a glass - they're glass
ornaments those are the rare kinds but I
hope you guys enjoyed this I'm looking
forward to more from this mod maker I
want to see what he creates I'm very
excited for this I mean I hope that he
can do more I hope that he can bring
more to Minecraft because this truly is
impressive anyway that's it thanks for
joining me on down mods
stay tuned don't forget to subscribe
more and you can see Domo Domo
adventures and stuff like that I gotta
go